1: What is the DOM?

The DOM is an object form of the html presented on the webpage, it's what javascript and other things use to read and
change the appearance and content of the website. It's an object nested in the same way the html is nested with their elements

2: List three methods to manipulate the DOM.

Lets assume you want to change the color of text in the body as an example

window.document.body.style.color = green // get the document trough the top
document.body.style.color = green // since the document is in the global scope we can get it directly
querySelector('body').style.color = green / getElementByTagName('body').style.color = green // examples of searching the DOM to find an element

3: What is an asynchronous call?

asynchronous in itself means something not happening at the same, in other words an asynchronous call could come back at
any time and the system won't block the rest of the program from running while waiting for the callback to return.

4: Briefly explain what the sources tab in Chromes Developers Tools does.

The sources tab in chrome developer tool is a collection of all the files on the webpage, here you can edit, run and debug your code as you please
You can also save snippets of javascript you can run anywhere after you created them.

5: What is a JavaScript promise?

A javascript promise is a system for asynchronous actions that work almost like synchronous methods that return a value.
Like a fetch/then/catch of a json API.

6: What is an API?

An API is a way for programmers to utilize some external software system without needing to implement the underlying algorithms.
It serves as an interface to the underlying programming making it easier to talk to different systems without recreating said system.
No need to reinvent the wheel every time.

7: What is a JavaScript Event?

A browser creates event every single time anything happens, when the page loads, then the user clicks something etc.
Javascript events listen to specific events and runs certain code when these events happen, sometimes blocking the default
browser action to implement their own javascript version, like form validation as an example.

8: What is event bubbling?

Event bubbling is the propagation of events up the parent tree of the element that fired the first event. It allows you to
listen to an event on multiple elements in the same branch of the document tree and fire all of them just by clicking a child element.
The event bubbling happen upwards in the tree from child to parent.
